I've already, the great Master, said here, with the realization of the Four Boneless,
Four Boneless, you all know, and we join in the Buddha's Hadna,
when you practice the Buddha's Hadna, these beautiful prayers, that Four Boneless.
And that Four Boneless taught, and that means never giving up the sentient beings.
That attitude, that thought, with the understanding of emptiness, combined target,
or with the two realization, combined target with both each other.
Simple step. There, then, you're going. There.
When you go there, now, according to the teaching, you're going there,
going there to boost up our realization.
Going there, and going to perform the ceremony to boost our realization.
And our, what is preventing our realization is our ego-clinging, our dualities.
Ego-clinging, duality is best, and we can go, let it detail with that.
What is known as that? That is known as hope and fears.
Ego-clinging is combination or embodiment of the hope and fear.
As long as we have the hopes or expectation, there is fears.
As long as we have fear, that means we have the hopes, hopes.
This hope and fear is, like as day and night, they're not going to go separate.
That is ego-clinging.
This is called observable code, and ourselves are trapped with this, in the samsara.
We always have hoped something. Ego-hopped this.
And we always fear that what we hoped is not going to happen.
There is gross level, medium level, and self-conscious level. We have that.
Now, we're going to, going to the scary places, we're going to bring up that hope and fear.
Bring up that. And when you bring up that hope, what are you going to do?
We are going to lack that varnish in the state of the emptiness, the tattoo, liberated in the
tattoo status.
What the tattoo state was, what we learned, the tattoo, cutting poles, instantly liberated.
We liberated hope, we liberated fears. Hope and fear liberated.
And really, great, relaxed, calm, and bored each other, for completion.
And so now, what we're going to do, to the scary places, we are provoking our hope and fears.
We are provoking that. You bring up.
When you go to scary places, most of the time, what our ordinary people will think,
"Hey, I like to have comfortable, comfortable practices, and peaceful practices.
I like to have nice faces there. Oh, nice sleeping there.
I don't want to be disturbed by anyone, so no animal, no animals, or nothing there.
I like to go there, and let breakfast there, and then nice sleep in there."
And I said, "I have nice tent, I have poor bars, I have no food, those poor drinks."
And I said, "I'm going to go, and I'm going to see beautiful stars in the air, in the blue sky, in
the fresh air, all of them.
I'm good. This is good, but according to these two practices, that's a hope.
That is your making agenda of our ego-clinging. That will give you always hope.
That is nothing unusual. We like to have hope. That is really your light highlight.
But here, we like to transcend hope and fears.
Particularly, we like to transcend fears.
Most of the time, hope is a kind of naive. Hope is in a kind of low, utter currents.
But fear is on the surface for us. So we like to release, remove the fears.
There are fears of externalism and inner-worldly, and then mental fearness.
It's kind of always scares some fears.
As long as we have the ego-clinging, there's some degree of the fears.
We like to release that.
First, we like to bring up that, and like that moment, when it comes up,
we're going to apply our realization of the true true or the emptiness, and release them, and going
to be in that state.
We're going to maintain that with courage and commitment and confidence.
That is the whole purpose of the practice of the true, true, going to the scale place.
And now to do this. This, here, says...